Initial draft of profile README (#1)
DiamondLightSource/.github: profile/README.md

![Diamond External View](./GenericDiamondCarousel.png)

## Diamond Light Source on GitHub

> Diamond Light Source is committed to open source, and publishes to many GitHub organisations. This organisation hosts some repositories created by Diamond, others have moved to organisations shared with other collaborators.

Reviewer: Nit: Adds a bit more distinction between the choice of where to put things
```suggestion
Diamond Light Source is committed to open source, and publishes to many GitHub organisations. This organisation hosts repositories created by Diamond that we expect to not have broad external appeal. However, we are very open to external collaboration on these.

Where there are repositories that clearly have broad appeal we have moved them to other organisations shared with other collaborators.
```

> Diamond Light Source is committed to open source, and publishes to many GitHub organisations. This organisation hosts some repositories created by Diamond, others have moved to organisations shared with other collaborators.
> 
> Some notable examples:
> 

Reviewer 2: I feel this should talk about this org first, before launching into other organizations. How about:

```suggestion
 This organisation hosts repositories created by Diamond Light Source. Diamond is committed to open source software.
 
Diamond also contributes to many other organization with other collaborators around the world. Some notable examples:

```
